[Jesse Frederick singing
"Everywhere You Look"]
♪ Ahh ahh ahh ahh ♪
♪ Ahh ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman
the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get
to livin' here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's
confusing me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere you go ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold onto ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere you go ♪
♪ There's a place ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're
lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waiting
to carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Ahh ahh ahh ahh ♪
♪ Chip-a-dee-ba-ba-dow ♪♪
One, two, uh, one, two, three.
♪ Boom ♪
♪ Boh-doh ♪
♪ Doo doo ♪
♪ Baoom ♪
♪ Boh-doh ♪
♪ Hodja ♪
♪ Please show me how to spin ♪
♪ I wanna do that dance ♪
♪ Till I forget where I am ♪
♪ So get up out of your bed
one more time ♪
♪ Hodja make me spin ♪
♪ Yeah someday soon ♪
♪ You will be
movin' on child ♪
♪ Hodja please ♪
♪ Won't you show me
how you do it ♪
♪ So won't you let me
be the one ♪
♪ You lay
the secret on now ♪
♪ Hodja won't you let
me be the ♪
♪ How ya do it ♪
♪ It's a two
four six eight ♪
♪ Take it from the top ♪
♪ You got
to start me up ♪
♪ And don't let me stop ♪
♪ Hodja ♪
♪ Please show me
how to spin ♪
♪ I want to do
that dance ♪
♪ Till I forget
where I am ♪
♪ So get up out of your bed
one more time ♪
♪ Hodja make me spin ♪
♪ Hodja please
show me how to spin ♪
♪ I want to do
that dance ♪
♪ Till I forget
where I am ♪
♪ So get up out of your bed
one more time ♪
♪ Hodja ♪
♪ Make ♪
♪ Now hodja
make me spin now ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ Whoa-oa-oa-oa oa-oa-eee ♪
♪ Spin ♪♪
Alright!
One more time!
♪ Hodja get out
of your bed and spin ♪
♪ You got to spin
on your head ♪
♪ Till you're
almost dead... ♪♪
Hey, if we were all
in the shower
you'd be begging for more.
I'd be begging
to get out.
Alright, guys.
Very good.
I'll see you at dress rehearsal
tonight. Good-bye.
♪ To-rum-tum, good-bye ♪
Good-bye, fellows.
Very nice, guys.
♪ To rum tum,
good-bye, good-bye ♪
♪ Good ♪
♪ Go-o-o-od ♪
Alright, will see you at
dress rehearsal..
♪ Bye ♪
(together)
Good-bye!
♪ Good-bye ♪
♪ Do do do good-bye ♪
♪ Do do do... ♪♪
Steph?
Stephanie, honey,
are you okay?
I feel yucky.
Honey, let's see if
you feel any better
if I move you
over to the couch, okay?
Here you go.
There you are.
Now, how do
you feel, honey?
I still feel yucky.
Hmm. Lemme check
your forehead.
I think she feels
a little warm.
Let me see that.
Here, let me
see that.
Let me see that.
Let me check it out.
I think they're all
running a fever.
She's really got a fever.
Look at her.
She's sweating.
Can I ask a question?
Aren't I too young
to get pimples?
Uh-oh.
Stephanie, those
aren't pimples.
I think they're chickenpox.
Chickenpox?
I caught something
from a chicken?
[laughs]
No, honey. You probably
just caught this
from somebody at school.
Don't worry. You're
gonna be fine.
Everybody gets chickenpox.
- I had 'em.
I had 'em too.
I never had 'em
and I never will.
I'm immune
to chickenpox.
You can't be immune
to chickenpox, huh?
Every kid in my school
had 'em but me.
I guess, when you're
an awesome physical specimen
like my own bad self..
...germs take one look
at my body and say
hey, why waste
our time?
Women say
the same thing.
That's right.
Okay. So I guess
nobody here
has to worry about
catching chickenpox.
[Michelle booing]
Oh, my God.
I got her.
Dad, I'm itching.
I'm itching.
Ah, sweetheart, remember
what the doctor said.
No scratching.
How am I supposed
to scratch
with these
on my hands?
Honey, those help
take away the itch.
They're magic oven mitts.
Dad, get real.
They're for TV dinners.
Any second now, your
uncle Jesse will be up here
with something to
help stop the itching.
It better help. I gotta be
all better by tomorrow.
That's when a real ballerina
is coming to dance
for my ballet class.
I know, but if you want
to be better real soon
you've got to get lots of rest
and drink plenty of fluids.
Rest. Fluids.
Got it.
Hey, Steph.
Here's your juice.
Keep them coming, D.J.
This time, orange juice
but no pulp.
Wait till you
get better.
Alright. I found
the calamine lotion.
How do I look?
Like you should be spinning
from the ceiling of a disco.
Alright, come here, Steph,
I found something
that's gonna suck the itch
right out of your body.
Come here. Sit over here.
Sit over here.
Here, take care of this.
- Oh, thanks, Jesse.
- 'I'll lift the shirt.'
Hurry up!
It's still itching!
Alright. Get up here.
I hate this!
Alright. Let me tell
you something now.
When I had the chickenpox
I never scratched them
once, and you know why?
I haven't
the slightest idea.
Because I got tough. Grrr!
Now let me hear
you be tough.
Grr.
Nice try.
Growling? Please.
Steph, what you need
is state of the art
medical technology.
I give you
teddy itch-no-more.
I'll try anything.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let me
show you how he works first.
Okay. Now, where does
it itch the most?
My tummy.
Okay. Scratch teddy itch-no-more
on his tummy.
Yeah. Now we're
in business.
But wait. You also get
this special bonus gift
something to let us know
when you need us.
Ta-da!
Oh, no.
You didn't.
[horn blows]
Thanks, Joey.
- Yeah, thanks, Joey.
- Thanks, Joey.
That's very nice.
Always thinking.
Here. This ought to
hold you for 5 minutes.
I hope so.
Okay, sweetheart.
Get in bed.
Now, I'm gonna be here
with you all weekend
except for tomorrow afternoon
when I have to finish my
special report
on the golden state warriors.
Thanks.
Your father is actually gonna
put on a uniform
warm up with the team
and sit on the bench
during a real game.
Good for you.
And if eight players get hurt
and a peanut vendor,
I'm in.
Steph, I got my
dress rehearsal tonight
and my doo-wop show
tomorrow night
but other than that,
I'm all yours.
And I'm available all weekend
because, uh..
...unfortunately,
I'm available all weekend.
Great, 'cause
I'm out of here.
I'm going to Sally Penzo's house
for my very first
slumber party.
I'm so nervous.
I'm in charge of making sure
nobody falls asleep.
I don't mean to be rude,
but I gotta get some rest.
Out, out, out, out,
out, out, out.
She's really too cute
to be your kid.
[horn blows]
- What is it, honey?
- What? What?
Just testing.
Well, it works.
Dad, do I really have to
sleep in the nursery?
It's way too cute
in here.
'Stephanie needs her rest.'
D.J., are you telling me
that you aren't thrilled
to death
to share a room with this
little bundle of baby fun?
Well, that's not fair.
Goodnight, D.J.
And goodnight, Michelle.
Mwah!
[horn blows]
Something tells me I ought
to check on Stephanie..
[horn blows]
...and kill Joey.
- Goodnight.
Okay, Michelle.
'Now, how many people think
Michelle should go to sleep?'
I do! One to nothing.
I win.
Well, night-night,
Michelle.
Sleep tight.
Uh ba ba.
Uh, no, Michelle.
This is not a slumber party.
Now, you need some
sleep. Lie down.
[sighs]
Uh.
Now, Michelle,
I mean it.
Go to sleep.
Bye.
No bye-bye.
Night-night.
Sit.
Lie down.
This is a good finger.
[instrumental music]
D.J., check this out.
♪ Ta da da da da ♪
Maybe if I hold
the ball still and I spin
I'll actually create the
illusion that I can do this.
D.J., hey. Slow down.
You're not supposed to
chug-a-lug your cereal.
Sorry, dad. They're picking
me up in two minutes
for my very first slumber party.
I understand but do you also
want your very first
Heimlich maneuver?
Urgh!
Morning.
Oh, nice look, Jesse.
Did your blow-dryer
short out?
Oh, Jesse, what's
wrong with you?
Nothing.
I'm fine.
Urgh! Really.
Morning, Joey.
Oh, I got a fever.
I'm sweaty. I'm chilly.
Obviously, it's malaria.
Look at all
these mosquito bites.
Those aren't
mosquito bites.
Those are chickenpox.
That's impossible.
I'm immune.
You're immune
to common sense.
[telephone rings]
Face it. You got
the chickenpox.
Okay, but as soon as I'm
over this, I'm immune.
Hello. Oh, hello, mother.
How's Palm Springs?
Oh, yeah. Fine.
Everything's fine here
except Stephanie and Joey
have the chickenpox.
'What are you talking about?'
Mother, I had the chickenpox.
Remember how tough I was?
It was an allergic
reaction to wool?
But I was still tough.
Yes, I know.
Fluids, lots of rest.
Oh, no dating.
Bye, mother.
I'm in trouble.
The station is counting on me
to be with The Warriors
and I got two baby-sitters
who can't go near the baby.
I've got to find a sitter.
[doorbell rings]
Well, got to go.
I'll be right there.
You'll be fine,
won't you, dad?
Oh, honey, I'll be fine.
Don't worry about me.
I'll just..
I'll start calling around.
There's got to be, oh,
at least 20 sitters in here
just dying to make
$1.50 an hour.
Honey, you go. You go
slumber party, hearty.
Dad, that was almost hip.
You sure
you'll be okay?
Oh, I'm positive.
Go. Go. Go.
Okay, bye.
Great. I've got 47 minutes
to find a sitter.
Guys, I may be almost hip,
but I am definitely in trouble.
Guys?
'Guys.'
[instrumental music]
Good-bye, chickenpox prison.
Hello, ballerina.
[footsteps on stairs]
Yikes!
Ah.
[music continues]
[footsteps on stairs]
Oh, where's my bacon, eggs,
toast, juice, and tea?
Danny, where are you?
(Danny)
'On the phone,
calling sitters.'
Oh! alright.
I'll give you a hand.
I'll write down
exactly what I want.
Oh, where the heck is
a pen when you need one?
Oh.
[telephone rings]
Must be sicker
than I thought.
[sighs]
Please, Derek,
you can't replace me.
I've shot
all the other footage.
I've done all
the other interviews.
Derek, I-I'm already wearing
the suit. I look really cute.
Yes. Don't worry.
I'll be there.
Right, 37 minutes.
Thirty seven minutes?
(Joey)
'Danny.'
I'm coming.
I wish chickenpox
caused laryngitis.
Gotta find a baby-sitter.
I'm history.
(Jesse)
'Freeze!'
Well, well, well..
What have we here?
Hello, Mr. Cochran.
And hello to you,
little stranger.
Do I know you?
I'm my friend Karen.
I just came by to visit
poor, little Stephanie.
Oh, that's very considerate
of you, Karen.
She's missing a real ballerina.
Oh, well, why don't you
go upstairs and say hi?
As you know, Stephanie's very
sick with the chickenpox
and shouldn't be going anywhere.
Chickenpox? I better
get out of here.
Not so fast, Karen.
It's too late.
You probably already
got 'em from me.
Uncle Jesse, you have
the chickenpox too?
What was that, Karen?
I mean..
...Mr. Uncle..
...I mean..
Uncle Cochran.
I mean, Jesse...mister..
I mean..
I..
I can't take it anymore.
It's me. It's me. Stephanie.
Unbelievable.
Stephanie T..
I could have sworn,
it was Lauren Bacall.
Now..
...what are you doing out
of bed, young lady?
I'm all better.
Oh, then, what are those little
bumps all over your face?
Those are..
...my all better bumps.
I wish they were, kid,
but we both know they're not.
Now, come on.
Be careful.
My chicken pox.
Right. Yeah.
I know. I know.
Alright. Now, Steph..
...unfortunately, being
sick sometimes means
having to miss out
on something
that you really
wanna do
but the trick is,
you gotta be tough
like your Uncle Jesse.
Does this mean you don't care
about missing your doo-wop show?
Oh, I got to miss
my doo-wop show.
Remember what you told me?
Be tough. Grr!
Grr.
Come on, kid. I'll get
you some PJs, alright?
Here we go.
The chickenpox twins.
Get the strut down. Get the
chicken strut. That's it.
Joseph, it's just
not fair.
Who ever said
life is fair?
Two grown men dabbing
goop on their bodies.
I call that unfair.
You think this is unfair?
Let's talk about salmon,
shall we?
Salmon wait their
whole lives
to swim hundreds
of miles upstream
make love once
and drop dead.
Now, that is unfair.
What the hell
are you talking about?
I am talking about making
the best of a situation.
Sure, I'm itching
but I'm itching with
a smile on my face.
Itch, dab.
Itch, ha ha! Dab.
Itch, ha!
Dab, dab, dab.
You, my friend,
are a wimp.
You think that because I itch,
I'm a wimp?
No. There's quite a few
other reasons, Joseph.
Let's just see who
scratches first, shall we?
Fine.
Oh, that's a beaut up there
on that forehead of yours.
Yeah?
Bet you'd love to take
a rake to that baby.
Oh, check out that red
throbbing strobe light
on your nose.
'Yeah. Yeah, that one.'
Yeah. If this were
the month of December
you'd find yourself pulling
a sleigh full of toys, pal.
[laughs]
Oh!
You know,
I was wondering
just what I would look
like with a beard.
- Scratching!
- I was wondering!
You know, you got me
wondering a little myself.
I'm feeling
a little hefty.
Uh, Joseph, am I putting on
any weight here?
- Scratching!
- I was wondering!
Just like you, wondering,
wondering, wondering. Even.
Ah, these clothes
are killing me!
Uh! Ah ah ah.
- Ah ah ah.
- Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
You know?
- I got an idea.
- What?
If you scratch me,
and I scratch you
then we're both still
tough guys, right?
Tough yet resourceful.
Get my back!
Get mine. Get mine.
Together. Down.
- Up. Up.
- Down. Down.
Shoulders. Shoulders.
- Ah!
- Ooh! Oh!
(Jesse)
'Scratch my head,
scratch my head.'
Oh! Oh! Oh!
(both)
Hello.
Hello, Mr. Zuckerman.
Hi, this is Danny Tanner.
Yeah, I desperately
need a baby-sitter.
Is your daughter home?
Oh.
Well, how about you?
Have you ever considered
picking up
a little extra
change baby-sitting?
Hello?
- Hello?
- Oh.
Oh, is right.
That's it, Michelle.
The end of the list.
You have any luck?
Don't tease me like that.
I'm dead.
Unless I call up
Sally Penzo's house
and get ahold of D.J.,
before she goes to
Carmel for the slumber party.
Yeah, then, she could
make it back in time
and I could get
to my game.
'Oh, but, Michelle'
she's been looking
forward to this for weeks.
It's her very first
slumber party.
But then again, it's my
very first Warriors game.
Ah, but if she misses
that party
it's-it's gonna
break her heart.
What do you think, Michelle?
Should I call up D.J. or not?
[Michelle mumbling]
Very tempting.
But I just can't
do that to D.J.
'We could still
play, though.'
Yeah. Let's call
each other.
Hello, Michelle.
Hi, it's daddy.
You hung up on your father?
Ooh!
Ah!
Ooh! Ah!
Ooh!
Ah!
♪ That's the sound
of the men ♪
♪ Workin' on the chain ♪
♪ Ooh ah ♪
♪ Gang ♪
♪ Don't you know ♪
♪ Oh that's the sound
of the men ♪
♪ Workin' on
the chain gang ♪
♪ Here's some
tuna fish and soup ♪
♪ It's nutritious
and delicious ♪
♪ And it's great
to fight infection ♪
♪ For the family
that I love ♪
Joey?
I'm not hungry.
- Jesse.
- Me neither.
Steph?
I'm nauseous.
Ah..
Ah, slide over.
Ah! Ah! Aw!
I'm not
going anywhere.
No sitter?
Just the one
you're looking at.
I can't believe
I'm gonna miss my game.
[sighs]
Hi, everybody.
- Hey.
- D.J.
D.J., what are
you doing here?
I wanted to make sure
you got a baby-sitter.
Need one?
Yes. Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Well, dad, you better leave.
You're gonna be late.
No. I might just
make it now. Mwah!
Is this a terrific
kid or what?
You gave up your
slumber party for me?
Ah, D.J., thank you. Thank you,
thank you. Thank you.
Yeah, but there'll
be other parties.
Dad, you do
so much for me.
This is my chance to do
something nice for you.
Isn't that what being part
of a family's all about?
Do you hear this?
You really are growing up.
It's not fun.
D.J., you're becoming very
mature and responsible.
Yeah. I guess having
me for an uncle
is starting to
rub off on you, D.J.
Uncle Jesse,
you're delirious.
Well, dad, if you're
not gonna leave
then I'm going back
to the party.
Oh, I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I am just so honored
to be part of this family.
Guys, we really are
doing something right.
D.J, you are one
terrific kid.
Thank you,
thank you, thank you!
- Dad, I'm leaving.
- I'm gone. I'm gone.
Thank you. Bye!
The man loves to hug.
Well, you guys don't
need anything, do you?
Yeah. Get my guitar.
Yeah. I'd like
my coloring books and..
(Stephanie)
'Some cranberry juice.
Get me orange juice and..'
[indistinct chatter]
Get my phone book,
get my phone book!
[theme music]